packages/ui-extender/README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to @jahia/ui-extender 👋</h1>
<p>
  <img alt="Version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.1-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000" />
  <a href="../../LICENSE.txt" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: JAHIA'S DUAL LICENSING" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-JAHIA'S DUAL LICENSING-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/Jahia" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter: Jahia" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Jahia.svg?style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

> Allow Jahia module to extend Jahia UI

## Install

```sh
yarn add @jahia/ui-extender
```

## How to use it ?

The documentation will be uploaded soon. Impatient ? You can download this project and run `yarn storybook`.

## How it work ?

![UI-extender architecture](./doc/ui-extender-architecture.svg)

## Author

👤 **Jahia**

* Website: https://www.jahia.com
* Twitter: [@Jahia](https://twitter.com/Jahia)
* Github: [@Jahia](https://github.com/Jahia)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://jira.jahia.org/).

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2019 [Jahia](https://github.com/Jahia).<br />
This project is [JAHIA'S DUAL LICENSING](../../LICENSE.txt) licensed.

***
_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_

Commit message:

feat(ui-extender): expose TS types

packages/ui-extender/README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to @jahia/ui-extender 👋</h1>
<p>
  <img alt="Version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.1-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000" />
  <a href="../../LICENSE.txt" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: JAHIA'S DUAL LICENSING" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-JAHIA'S DUAL LICENSING-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/Jahia" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter: Jahia" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Jahia.svg?style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

> Allow Jahia module to extend Jahia UI

## Install

```sh
yarn add @jahia/ui-extender
```

## How to use it ?

The documentation will be uploaded soon. Impatient ? You can download this project and run `yarn storybook`.

The package now correctly exposes types for Typescript.

## How it work ?

![UI-extender architecture](./doc/ui-extender-architecture.svg)

## Author

👤 **Jahia**

* Website: https://www.jahia.com
* Twitter: [@Jahia](https://twitter.com/Jahia)
* Github: [@Jahia](https://github.com/Jahia)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://jira.jahia.org/).

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2019 [Jahia](https://github.com/Jahia).<br />
This project is [JAHIA'S DUAL LICENSING](../../LICENSE.txt) licensed.

***
_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_
